(Ship horn blares)
(Seagulls cawing)
(Quiet suspenseful music)
Is it them?
(Engine ticking over)
Why is it turning?
(Boat engine idling)
(Distant shouting)
(Eerie music)
(Suspenseful music)
(Dramatic music)
(Phone ringing)
(Phone vibrating)
Luan.
(Luan) It's done. We
have Asif's heroin.
All 140 million of it.
(Elliot) You know how it
feels to be powerless.
To be a pawn in
someone else's game.
The things it makes you do... just
to hold on to some kind of life.
That's all my dad ever knew.
Throwing fights for
money. night after night.
(Charlie) Elliot.
- What do I always say?
- (Both) Pawns can't be kings.
(Elliot) He was my
dad. so I believed him.
but it took me
years to understand.
That's how he found his dignity.
Ah. Jesus!
(Elliot) But I... I
couldn't accept it.
- (Distant cheering)
- I needed to know.
What does it feel like
to be a king?
(Deep breath out)
(Scream fades)
(Phone vibrating)
- (Police radios)
- (Siren wailing)
Hello?
(Merwan) Sean. Asif's
shipment was stolen.
The heroin is gone.
Somebody betrayed us.
Sean?
Fuck!
- Sean. what's going on?
- The heroin's gone.
All 1.3 fucking tons of it.
(Footsteps running down stairs)
- Look. it's just one shipment.
- No. no. It's more than that.
Koba and I made a statement.
We made it clear London was ours
and someone just decided
the fuck it wasn't!
Who knew the routes?
- Merwan and Koba.
- Right. Merwan. then.
- Retaliation for Lale.
- No. He doesn't know.
He doesn't know that...
He doesn't know.
And he's made peace with
us using Asif's heroin.
- He knows it's a necessity.
- So Koba?
Koba has nothing to gain
from weakening our position.
But he has everything to
gain by weakening yours.
I am aware of my situation.
(Billy) Sean...
(Sean) Koba. We
have a problem...
Koba and Merwan.
They aren't the only two
people who know the route.
- You know it.
- What did you say?
- I said you know the routes.
- No.
You just accused me of
betraying my own son.
You didn't like the deal
Sean made with Koba.
You want to see the
Wallaces on top. Singular.
I'm just asking you if maybe
you aren't being entirely honest
about which Wallace that is.
Jesus. Billy!
I've really failed
you. haven't I?
(Asif on phone) We aren't talking
days. We're talking weeks.
- Minimum three.
- (Koba) Fu-u-uck!
How did you let this happen?
We didn't let anything happen.
Someone on your side betrayed us.
(Asif) Or one of you
betrayed the other.
We need to fix this now. Asif.
Not in three weeks. Now.
(Sean) This is as much
your problem as it is ours.
(Asif) How so?
Because of the price I paid you.
Because I gave you Lale.
We can't claim a monopoly
on the drugs trade
if we don't have any
fucking drugs to sell.
I'm here in Lahore.
There is no product yet.
What do you want me to do?
Give me a reason not to send Merwan
and a team of Kurds to Lahore
to wipe out you and your family.
(Sean) Clock's ticking. Asif.
All right.
I made a delivery to Bibi Agostini
in Paris. A week ago. maybe.
No way they could have
moved even 20% yet.
So we go to Paris and take the
rest from this French fuck.
Agostini's one of the
biggest players in France.
You don't take from
Agostini. You make a deal.
(Upbeat Algerian music)
(Bubbling)
(Saba) What's it about?
Here. this is for you.
(Saba) Rasha Zidane? (Scoffs)
What is this for?
(Sighs) You're going
home for a few days.
Paris? Why?
Koba asked for you again.
Him and Sean Wallace are going
over to make some big deal.
They want you there
as a translator.
Is this a fucking joke?
You tell me you're going
to make Sean pay for Basem.
And now you want
me to work for him?
You work for me. Saba.
You understand?
So that means you work
for Sean Wallace now.
It's the way it goes.
Don't look at him. look at me.
Koba asked for our help.
Hm?
Do you understand me?
(Hakim) That's good for us.
(Hakim) Saba.
Don't fuck this up.
(Door opens)
(Door closes)
(Car engine stops)
We've got Sean
and Koba's heroin.
Luan intercepted it. and
we're going to distribute it.
Marian told Dad that Sean
and Koba are going to Paris
to buy more from a
dealer out there.
When?
- Tomorrow.
- Where?
Where? Her office?
Club. restaurant. Agostini's
fucking house? Where?
- I don't know. I'll find out.
- Thank you.
Elliot. are you sleeping?
You're not thinking clearly.
After you kill Sean.
what you gonna do?
Look. I want you to
come out of this alive.
When Marian Wallace finds out
her son's dead because of you.
what are you gonna do?
If we do this right. it doesn't
just end with Sean and Koba dead.
You and me. We could
build something together.
But if you're not in the right shape
for that. then we should wait...
They can't cross international
borders with an army of mercenaries.
They'll be vulnerable out there.
And I got people in Paris.
They won't see me coming.
(Ed) We should move on
this. fast. What's our plan?
We need to get ahead of
this Agostini problem.
Luan. contact your men and
get them to move this now.
(Birds cawing)
(Marian) To weaken
Koba's position...
we sell to the gangs
for half price.
Flood the market with our
heroin before Sean and Koba do.
- (Ed) Agreed.
- (Luan) Yes.
(Marian) Okay.
Let's get to work.
(Eerie music)
(Engine starts)
(Dramatic music)
(Ringing)
(Gun clicks)
The phone.
(Phone beeps)
(Ringing)
(Phone rings)
- Billy?
- It's Luan.
- Billy found the heroin.
- What?
(Luan) Marian.
What do you want
me to do with him?
Um...
(Luan) Understood.
Get in.
Luan. you can't lock me in
a van filled with heroin.
I'm not. Your
mother is. Get in.
Luan. whatever she's paying
you. Sean will double it.
He'll... He'll double it.
Luan! Luan!
- Please! Please. Luan!
- (Banging)
Luan. he'll double it.
Don't leave me in here!
Luan!
(Container doors closing)
(Yelling) Please! Luan!
(Bell tolling)
Beautiful city.
- Nice to be home?
- I'm from Saint Denis.
This is no more my home
than Buckingham Palace.
Regarde les pâtisseries!
Okay.
What the fuck? This is
recon. you can't do this now!
Fucking tourists
and cops everywhere!
(Quiet suspenseful music)
(Muffled voice on police radio)
(Classical music playing softly)
Merci.
(Koba) Merci.
Bibi Agostini.
(Bibi speaking in French)
(Saba translating) We can
order. It's her place.
(Chuckles) Well.
Bibi. it's a pleasure.
I believe you know
why we're here?
(Bibi speaking in French)
Someone stole your heroin and you'd
like some of hers to replace it?
So. how about it?
- (Bibi speaking in French)
- (Saba) I don't like waste.
(Saba) So I only
order what I need.
(Bibi continues
speaking in French)
Which means I need what I order.
It's a temporary measure. We'll
replace it before you miss it.
(Bibi continues
speaking in French)
Unless they steal the next load.
- (Bibi laughs)
- Is that it. then?
- Hm?
- (Sean) Au revoir.
(Bibi speaking in French)
Finn Wallace would have burned this
fucking place down if he was here.
That sounds like him.
(Bibi continues
speaking in French)
After spending an hour
trying to fuck her.
That definitely sounds like him.
Luckily. I take after my mother.
(Bibi) Not too much. I hope.
So... (continues
speaking in French)
The heroin. How much do you want?
How much are you willing to pay?
We want half of it. and
we're paying nothing.
(Bibi speaking in French)
It must be my birthday.
(Sean) We're proposing
a partnership.
Our cities have never
worked together.
(Saba translates)
(Sean) We have no pay masters.
It's an advanced system that sees
the money flow faster. one way.
(Saba translates)
We own the ports. the routes
and the infrastructure.
(Saba translates)
(Bibi speaking in French)
(Saba) She needs
to be somewhere.
(Bibi continues
speaking in French)
We can meet in VIP at
her club. 9pm. Talk more.
(Bibi) Okay?
Bibi.
(Koba) Look forward
to talking more.
It's a pleasure.
(Bibi) Nice to meet you.
You look like your father.
(Bibi speaking in French)
- (Sean) I like her.
- (Koba) Hm.
Let's see what she
wants in return.
(Elliot) Agostini's leaving.
(Koba) Me and
Sean need to talk.
You go see your old
friends but be there 8:30.
Don't be late. Saba.
(Raphael) They're leaving.
Want me to follow them?
You fucking liar.
I'm doing this for Sean.
Bullshit. That's bullshit.
Sean's deal with
Koba ends one way.
Sean dead and Koba on top.
And the Wallaces
consigned to history.
I am not prepared to stand
back and let that happen.
That's bollocks!
Want to know what I think?
I think we've found
your addiction.
Power.
When Sean was dead. you thought
you'd be the Wallace on top.
You thought it was
finally your turn.
But since he came back. it's fucked
everything up for you. hasn't it?
You wish he'd never
come back at all.
(Slap)
(Billy groans)
(Dramatic music)
You don't have the answer
for everything. Billy.
You cannot keep him
locked in there forever.
- Then we'd better move fast.
- Marian!
- (Engine starts)
(♪ "Ruby Soho". Rancid)
(Music continues
through headphones)
♪ Two lovers in the bedroom
Then the other starts to shout
♪ All I got is this blank stare
♪ And that don't
carry no clout at all
- ♪ Destination unknown... ♪
- (Saba) What the fuck?
- No. fuck!
- Aargh!
Remember me?
From the fish market.
You know me. I got you
out of there. remember?
Yeah. But you work with Koba.
- I came with him.
- No. no!
I'm here to kill Koba and Sean.
I need you to help me do it.
Sean killed Basem that night. I
know you want him dead as well.
Just leave me alone.
Why won't you all just
leave me the fuck alone?
Sean and Koba have
their teeth in you.
And they will not let you
go. Ever! They own you now.
What do you need?
Just tell me what they're
doing. where and when.
I don't know about today.
but tonight we're meeting in
a VIP room in Agostini's club.
It's in the Asian Quarter.
That's all I know.
- When?
- 9pm.
Armed security on the door.
- Inside?
- Probably.
But you won't get in with a gun.
No.
But she will. She's her guest.
You want me to carry a gun?
(Elliot) Listen to me.
If you don't carry one now. you'll be
carrying one for the rest of your life.
(Thud)
- (Music blaring)
- (Background chatter)
Merci.
Good evening.
- Bonsoir.
- Welcome. gentlemen.
I'm with them.
Can I look at your bag. please?
I just came in
with these people.
Bag.
- (Tamaz) Sean.
- (Sean) Hey.
She's with us.
Go right this way.
(Music pounding)
Saba. you did well with Bibi.
Hid your nerves. opinions.
You're a smart kid. strong.
You don't see that you want
it yet. but your future.
you could go far.
I need to use the bathroom.
Go on.
Don't be long.
Can I help you?
Yes. where's the VIP room?
Basement level 2. Take the lift.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
(Laughter and chatter)
(Suspenseful music)
She used to fuck your father. so
you should take the lead on this.
Hm. Yeah.
(Voice on radio)
Bibi's VIP room
is ready for you.
Time to go. Tamaz.
go and find Saba.
I think this is a good sign.
(Sean) Yeah.
- (Bangs on door)
- Saba!
- (Banging)
- Saba?
Saba!
What the fuck. man?
Get out of here!
- Come.
- Give me one second. I'm coming.
- Come on.
- Get out.
Be quick.
(Phone buzzes)
It's on.
- Let's go.
- Go.
(Dramatic music)
- (Laughter)
- (Music blaring)
(Woman singing)
(Sean) Karaoke?
We're discussing business over
a group rendition of "Hey Jude"?
Saba. translate.
(Saba translates)
(Bibi laughing) Welcome.
(Bibi speaking in French)
(Saba) These are her friends.
They will look after
us this evening.
(Bibi speaking in French)
(Saba) And the room's swept
so we can talk freely here.
♪ Moonlight. starlight
I need you... ♪
Saba.
(Bibi speaking in French)
Salut.
- Salut.
- Gaumarjos.
(Bibi) Gaumarjos.
(Man shouts)
Where's that order?
Trolley 56. it was just here.
(Indistinct speech in Korean)
Up.
Where are you going?
VIP level 2.
You can go.
(Elevator pings)
♪ For you Stay the night... ♪
(Koba) Bribing officials
is hit and miss.
We put them on a retainer.
So we own the ports...
(Saba translates)
Hm.
(Bibi speaking in French)
(Bibi continues
speaking in French)
The ports interest me.
Drug trafficking is a
big part of our business
but we have other interests
when it comes to traffic.
Guns?
People.
(Elevator pings)
(Karaoke singers) ♪
..with you I lose my mind
♪ Give me a sign
♪ Hit me. baby. one more time ♪
(Singing ballad)
(Singing fades)
(♪ "Hit Me. Baby" muffled)
(Saba) Our fastest growing
revenue stream is people traffic.
(Bibi speaking in French)
(Saba) Our biggest
limit to growth.
is our inability to
access the UK market.
(Bibi speaking in French)
(Saba) Allow us to
move people in the UK.
(Bibi) Your father
always refused.
but if you agree to moving
my girls around then...
maybe...
maybe we have a deal.
(Karaoke singer) ♪ I don't wanna
lose your love tonight... ♪
What do you say. Sean?
(Koba) Well. Sean?
We can arrange that.
Well. then you will have your
heroin and a new business partner.
Bibi.
(Koba) Beautiful. Wow.
Is there a problem?
No. just a quick check.
Yes. of course.
Hey!
Sir!
That's my trolley.
I don't speak Korean.
(Grunts)
(Shouting)
(Chatter)
Aargh!
(Yelling and groaning)
(Gasping)
(Women screaming)
(Man shouts out)
(Shouts out)
Where are they?
(Bibi and Sean laughing)
(Sean) Let's get
the champagne.
(Sudden burst of eerie music)
(Bibi speaking in French)
- (Koba) We can see the sights.
- (Sean) Hands across the Channel.
- Salut.
- Cheers.
Shit. did you hear that?
There's a gunman. We have
to get you out of here.
I want to stay here.
Secure everywhere. Go.
What's going on?
Security has been
attacked in the VIP room.
- What's going on?
- There's a gunman in the building.
Security have been
attacked in the VIP room.
I thought this was
the fucking VIP room.
(Bibi) It is my VIP room.
Please.
(Gasps and whimpers)
(Gunfire)
(Screaming)
(Panicked cries)
(Woman sobbing)
(Groan)
Get out of here. Move!
Shit!
(Screaming)
(Music pounding)
(Groaning and gasping)
Sean Wallace.
Where is he?
(Elevator pings)
It's him!
(Groaning)
Aargh.
Stay there.
Tell me...
What floor is the
other VIP room on?
I... don't... know...
- Come.
- (Guard) Please...
(Bibi clears her throat)
I can't help you.
Sean..
Do you know this man?
Don't lie. I know.
Yeah.
(Bibi) Fuck off!
Go take your bullshit
with you back to London.
This is why we don't want
to do business with London.
Deal's off!
Come on. let's go.
- Fuck's sake!
- Go!
- (Door closes)
- Oh.
(Elevator pings)
(Gunfire)
There he is.
(Men shouting)
(Panicked cries)
He's back here. Go. go. go!
What happened? Whoa!
- Where's the girl?
- Fuck!
Give me your phone.
Come on.
Look at it.
"Wrong room. Abort."
You're working with Elliot?
(Whimpering)
Who else are you fucking
working with? Hm?
(Whimpering) No one. Just him.
I don't expect to
have to ask twice.
(Yelling) Who else are
you fucking working with?
(Crying) I swear to you.
I don't even know him.
I don't even know the fucking...
Please. Please.
Sean. Not here.
Our heroin's stolen.
an attempt made on
our life in two days.
We have a traitor.
Believe me. she's going to
tell me who the fuck it is.
Fucking English!
(Elevator pings)
(Suspenseful music)
(Phone buzzing)
(Elliot) It's fucked.
Shannon! It's fucked!
Sean will know by now it was me
and he'll trace that back to you.
You got to get Danny and run.
I'm not going anywhere.
No. Shannon. I'll fix it. I promise.
I just need to figure out how.
I know how. Elliot. I know
how you can get to Sean.
Tonight.
Do you believe there are
any rules in this world?
I only know one.
People suffer because they
mean nothing to the powerful.
My dad.
You. It's all the same world.
They don't even feel like
sacrifices. They just mean nothing.
Tell me I'm wrong.
Tell me they pay for their sins.
I want them to know fear.
To be powerless.
To feel it in their bones.
(Eerie music)
(Footsteps approaching)
But how do you do that? Hm?
How do you turn a
king into a pawn?
(Heavy. metallic scraping)
It was going well until
Elliot stormed the building
in an attempt to assassinate us.
(Sean sighs)
Somehow he knew
we were in Paris.
(Discordant music)
We have a traitor. Mum.
one with inside knowledge of
the routes and the meeting.
(Knocking)
(Door closes)
(Sean) Who sent
Elliot to Paris?
Clearly the Algerian girl
was working with him.
But how could they
know we'd be there? Hm?
Mum. do you have
anything to say?
Mum?
Well?
Sean.
(Sound distorting)
(Marian) Sean.
(Dramatic music)